Update Bundle article (#6784)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 15/umbraco-cms/customizing/extending-overview/extension-types/bundle.md

	// ... insert as many manifests as you like
]
```
{% endcode %}

> :::note
> Please make sure you have setup your tsconfig.json to include the extension-types as global types. Like this:
> 
> ```json
> {
>     "compilerOptions": {
>         ...
>         "types": [
>             "@umbraco-cms/backoffice/extension-types"
>         ]
>     }
> }
> ```
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{% hint style="info" %}
Ensure you have set up your `tsconfig.json` to include the extension-types as global types. Like this:

```json
{
    "compilerOptions": {
        ...
        "types": [
            "@umbraco-cms/backoffice/extension-types"
        ]
    }
}
```

{% endhint %}

:::
```

Author: @sofietoft Oops... 🤣
